ENG-1390: add score categories (#59)
Chainlit/literal-docs: concepts/evaluation/score.mdx

title : Score
---

Scores are a crucial part of developing and improving your LLM application or agent.

There are multiple categories of Scores: 
1. **End-User Feedback - Explicit**: For example a thumbs-up or down to a chatbot's answer. This is automatically enabled when you have made a chatbot with [Chainlit](https://docs.chainlit.io/data-persistence/feedback). Otherwise, you can use the [score API](#programmatically) in your application.

> 2. **End-User Feedback - Implicit**: For example monitoring page drops after x seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **End-User Feedback - Implicit**: For example, user conversion to paid offering increases by 15% with new RAG version.
```
